!visuals(https://github.com/Vanillariis/WahSoundEffect/blob/main/Diagram.png)

# System Overview
Here is a walkthrough of the system presented in Figure 1. The system is supposed to create a wah effect that can be controlled dynamically.
The first object of interest is the oscillator which generates the sound signal. The frequency can be controlled by adjusting the slider called frequency. 
The next object, the bp~ object, is a bandpass filter. A bandpass filter is a type of filter that passes frequencies within a certain range and rejects frequencies outside that range. The bp~ object takes two arguments: the center frequency and the Q factor. The center frequency of bandpass-fillter is usually defined as either the arithmetic mean or the geometric mean of the lower cutoff frequency and the upper cutoff frequency. You can change this frequency dynamically by adjusting the slider sending a float to the left inlet of the bp~ object. The Q factor (also known as the quality factor) controls the “sharpness” of the filter’s response. A higher Q factor results in a narrower bandpass, meaning the filter is more selective about which frequencies it allows to pass through. Conversely, a lower Q factor results in a wider bandpass, meaning the filter allows a broader range of frequencies to pass through. You can change the Q factor dynamically by sending a float to the right inlet of the bp~ object.
In the context of a wah effect, the bp~ object is used to selectively amplify certain frequencies of the input signal (like a guitar signal), while attenuating others. By dynamically changing the center frequency (for example, with a foot pedal or, as provided here, a GUI slider), you can create the characteristic “wah” sound.
The last object is the array called visuals to visualise the sound signal. The tabwrite sends the signal to the array, the bang takes a snapshot of the signal, the metro controls the interval at which the bang object snapshots the signal, and the toggle controls if the bang object should be on or off. 
